DEVREL-638: point dedicated backups on the data retention page to the… (#1363)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/security/data-retention.md

When an environment is deleted its application logs are deleted as well.

## Grid Backups

Application backups running on Grid (e.g. If you subscribe to a Platform.sh Professional plan) are retained for at least _7 days_.  They will be purged between 7 days and _6 months_, at Platform.sh's discretion.

## Dedicated backups

> Backups for applications running on a Dedicated instance will follow the information documented on our [dedicated backups](https://docs.platform.sh/dedicated/overview/backups.html) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backups for applications running on a Dedicated instance will follow the schedule documented on our [dedicated backups](/dedicated/overview/backups.md) page.
```

Internal links are always domain-less and point to the md file.  GitBook/Hugo will handle reformatting it as appropriate.
